com/example/test1/SecondFragmentArgs.java
 com.example.test1.SecondFragmentArgs
 com.example.test1.SecondFragmentArgs$1
 com.example.test1.SecondFragmentArgs$Builder
com/example/test1/clothes_fragment.java
 com.example.test1.clothes_fragment
com/example/test1/foodimage.java
 com.example.test1.foodimage
 com.example.test1.foodimage$1
com/example/test1/PermissionActivity.java
 com.example.test1.PermissionActivity
 com.example.test1.PermissionActivity$1
 com.example.test1.PermissionActivity$1$1
 com.example.test1.PermissionActivity$1$1$1
com/example/test1/RAdapter.java
 com.example.test1.RAdapter
 com.example.test1.RAdapter$Holder
com/example/test1/DatabaseHelper.java
 com.example.test1.DatabaseHelper
com/example/test1/flood_fragment.java
 com.example.test1.flood_fragment
 com.example.test1.flood_fragment$1
 com.example.test1.flood_fragment$2
 com.example.test1.flood_fragment$3
 com.example.test1.flood_fragment$4
com/example/test1/SecondFragment.java
 com.example.test1.SecondFragment
 com.example.test1.SecondFragment$1
com/example/test1/uploadinfo.java
 com.example.test1.uploadinfo
com/example/test1/foodrecycler.java
 com.example.test1.foodrecycler
com/example/test1/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.test1.BuildConfig
com/example/test1/home_fragment.java
 com.example.test1.home_fragment
com/example/test1/MainActivity.java
 com.example.test1.MainActivity
 com.example.test1.MainActivity$1
 com.example.test1.MainActivity$2
com/example/test1/MapActivity.java
 com.example.test1.MapActivity
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$1
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$2
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$2$1
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$3
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$3$1
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$3$2
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$3$3
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$4
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$4$1
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$5
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$6
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$7
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$8
 com.example.test1.MapActivity$8$1
com/example/test1/register.java
 com.example.test1.register
 com.example.test1.register$1
 com.example.test1.register$2
com/example/test1/signup.java
 com.example.test1.signup
com/example/test1/FirstFragment.java
 com.example.test1.FirstFragment
 com.example.test1.FirstFragment$1
com/example/test1/upload_data.java
 com.example.test1.upload_data
 com.example.test1.upload_data$1
 com.example.test1.upload_data$2
 com.example.test1.upload_data$3
 com.example.test1.upload_data$4
 com.example.test1.upload_data$5
 com.example.test1.upload_data$5$1
com/example/test1/navheader.java
 com.example.test1.navheader
com/example/test1/food_fragment.java
 com.example.test1.food_fragment
 com.example.test1.food_fragment$1
 com.example.test1.food_fragment$2
 com.example.test1.food_fragment$3
com/example/test1/fooddata.java
 com.example.test1.fooddata
com/example/test1/SecondFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.test1.SecondFragmentDirections
com/example/test1/FirstFragmentDirections.java
 com.example.test1.FirstFragmentDirections
 com.example.test1.FirstFragmentDirections$1
 com.example.test1.FirstFragmentDirections$ActionFirstFragmentToSecondFragment
